I'd give you a nasty look but you've already got one.
If you're going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
Scientists say the universe is made up of neutrons, protons and electrons. They forgot to mention morons.
You're so fat you could sell shade.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
Your lips keep moving but all I hear is "Blah, blah, blah."
You'll never be the man your mother is.
Did you know they used to be called "Jumpolines" until your mum jumped on one?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you need to act like one.
I'm sorry, was I meant to be offended? The only thing offending me is your face.
Someday you'll go far... and I hope you stay there.
Stupidity's not a crime, so you're free to go.
If I had a face like yours I'd sue my parents.
Your doctor called with your colonoscopy results. Good news - they found your head.
No, those pants don't make you look fatter - how could they?
What's the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
Save your breath - you'll need it to blow up your date.
You're not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
The zoo called. They're wondering how you got out of your cage?
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
I was hoping for a battle of wits but you appear to be unarmed.
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
You are proof that evolution can go in reverse.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
You're so ugly when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away.
When you were born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to your dad, "I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through."
I'm sorry I didn't get that - I don't speak idiot.
Quick - check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
It's better to let someone think you're stupid than open your mouth and prove it.
Hey, your village called - they want their idiot back.
Were you born this stupid or did you take lessons?
I've been called worse by better.
You're such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful person. Oh I'm sorry, I thought we were having a lying competition.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bull.
Don't you get tired of putting make up on two faces every morning?
I'd slap you but I don't want to make your face look any better.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you... and smelled better too.
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants his butt back?
If you're going to be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass.
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
You've got less meat in your pants than there is in a vegetarian restaurant.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Your face makes onions cry.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
I'm not saying that I hate you, but I'd unplug your life support machine to charge my mobile.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
Why don't you slip into something a little more comfortable...Like a coma.
I heard your parents took you to a dog show and you won.
You look like something I'd draw with my left hand.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You're about as useful as a vibrator with no batteries.
Your family tree must be a cactus, because everybody on it's a prick.
You look like a before picture.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
Of course I talk like an idiot...
How else would you understand me?
What are you doing here? Did someone leave your cage open?
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said.
Oh my God, look at the state of you! Was anyone else hurt in the accident?
I'd love to insult you, but I won't do as well as nature did.
Two wrongs don't make a right. Take your parents, for example.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
Hey dog breath, if I throw a stick will you go away?
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
You're living proof that evolution can go in reverse.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Are you always an idiot, or just when I'm around?
I'd give you a slap, but that'd be animal abuse.
You're so ugly, Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
You're so ugly the only dates you get are on a calendar.
You're the reason they invented double doors.
You're so dumb, I bet your dog teaches you tricks.
If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
You've got a great face for make up.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
If I had a face like yours I'd wish I was blind.
You didn't just fall out of the stupid tree, you were dragged through dumbass forest.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
Keep rolling your eyes, maybe you'll find a brain back there.
Maybe if you ate some of that make up you could be pretty on the inside.
Fake hair, fake nails, fake smile. Are you sure you weren't made in China?
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
I'm not saying you're stupid, I'm just saying you've got bad luck when it comes to thinking.
You look like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you they can't laugh either.
There's only one problem with your face...I can see it.
I've seen people like you before, but last time I had to pay an admission.
You're so fat you could sell shade.
How many times do I have to flush to get rid of you?
I'd say you're funny, but looks aren't everything.
I bet your brain feels good as new, seeing that you've never used it.
Whatever's eating at you...Must be suffering horribly.
Behind every fat woman there's a beautiful woman. No seriously, you're in the way.
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea.
